Support for running dbt tasks in AWS EKS (#944)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/getting_started/execution-modes.rst

            "secrets": [postgres_password_secret],
        },
    )
AWS_EKS
----------

The ``aws_eks`` approach is very similar to the ``kubernetes`` approach, but it is specifically designed to run on AWS EKS clusters.

> It uses the `EKSPodOperator <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/2.2.0/operators/eks.html#perform-a-task-on-an-amazon-eks-cluster>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the `EKSPodOperator <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/operators/eks.html#perform-a-task-on-an-amazon-eks-cluster>`_
```

Reviewer 2: Stable would point to latest and it may change. I think better to tag it to a specific version and also would denote that it works fine according to that version. Since we don't allow latest versions yet, I think 8.19.0 is a good candidate

> It uses the `EKSPodOperator <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/2.2.0/operators/eks.html#perform-a-task-on-an-amazon-eks-cluster>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It uses the `EKSPodOperator <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/8.19.0/operators/eks.html#perform-a-task-on-an-amazon-eks-cluster>`_
```

Reviewer 2: I think and let the CI run and complete since it takes time and then we can push this change.
